[Music]
The Buddha Shakyamuni attained enlightenment,
showing sentient beings to recognize for themselves: this
is suffering,
this is the cause of suffering, which is the mind of greed and
attachment;
this is Nirvana, a
place of peace and happiness without suffering; and
this is the path, the method of
practice to reach Nirvana, that is the Right Path to eradicate greed, attachment, and
suffering.
[Music] The
morning star rises
under the Bodhi tree; Prince Siddhartha, Prince Siddhartha,
attained enlightenment, and is known
as Buddha
Shakyamuni. All are Buddha Shakyamuni. Day and
night, he
practiced meditation until he defeated
Mara, and then fell asleep, showing sentient beings
the path to liberation from suffering. My life, for
so many years, in autumn, my life was full of
suffering.
If I had no destiny,
[Music]
[Music] I would have
followed and flown away. My dear friend, I was thirsty.
Because of you,
my life has been happy
since I had Buddha, I
have known how to live in the law of cause and effect. I am
truly grateful for saving my life. I
wish to ask Buddha day and night
[Music]
to show sentient beings
the path to liberation from suffering. I am
grateful that spring
has come, and that sadness has come to life, but
with
Buddha Shakyamuni, I have attained enlightenment.  The Buddha taught
sentient beings about the eight sufferings:
firstly, the suffering of unfulfilled desires;
secondly, the suffering of separation from loved ones; thirdly, the suffering of
encountering those you hate; fourthly, the suffering caused by the ever-
changing five aggregates of form, feeling, perception, volition, and consciousness; fifthly, the suffering of birth; sixthly, the suffering of aging;
seventhly, the suffering of
illness; and eighthly, the suffering of death.
The Buddha showed sentient beings the path to
end these sufferings, which is the Noble Eightfold Path. By
practicing the precepts, one will attain
liberation. All
beings are grateful to the Buddha.
The four words, "day and night,"
practicing meditation
amidst the mist,
show sentient beings
the path to escape
suffering.
My life is full of
pain and suffering.
[music]